if I had a chance to do my life over I definitely would not have gone
to university straight out of high school I don't I don't even know
whether I was ready for the military straight out of high school so
I think maybe the best thing for me too done would been differently
would been to take a couple of courses at the local junior college then
I do four years in the service and I could not recommend any better
service to be in the marine corps for the young man hard life for
some people but it certainly is wonderful and then then go to college
when I would be ready so I think the thing I really changes those
first few wasted years